= Visibility

Copyright (c) 2010 Mridang Agarwalla

Remove page clutter while watching embedded videos.

Visibility removes all the page clutter when watching videos online so that you
can focus on the video without being distracted with anything else on the page.

== Installation

Download the extension to your computer. If a download option isn't available,
right click on the extension's install link and select "Save Link As..".
Be sure not to change the file extension. A Firefox extension will be an .XPI
file. Once you have downloaded the extension, drag the extension to the instance
of Firefox on the taskbar. Wait for Firefox to appear and then drop onto the
browser window. From the popu window that appears choose "Install Now".

== Configuration

Right-clicking on the little 'V' icon in the Firefox status-bar will bring up a
popup with the necessary settings.

== TODO

This is beta software. Several things are on the todo list. if you'd like to see
a new feature, please help by contributing.

== Contributing

Pull requests will be ignored if they don't follow the Git convention of
a 50 character or less subject and optional paragraphs wrapped to 72
characters.

If I provide you with feedback on your pull request, generally you should
squash your changes into the previous commit when submitting a second request.

== License

This program is released under the GNU GPL.

== Contact

Feel free to request new features or provide bug reports.
You can find my email address here.

== Disclaimer

No warranties, expressed or implied.